<h1>Project</h1>
We are creating a website for Seed Spot to allow alumni to access course information.

<h2>New Features</h2>
Features added consisted of multiple discussion boards, contact information, and a user login which allows or restricts access to information. The discussion board is divided into 2 types. The first type is a general discussion board that is available regardless of the programs the user is enrolled in, but can’t be used by non-users. The second type is a discussion board specific to each program where users can communicate with those who are/were doing the same program. The contact information tab allows the admins to type their information without having to format it with html. The login was created assuming the admins give the account information directly to the customer as opposed to the customers being able to create an account online. Each user can be assigned a role (which determines their access) based on the courses paid for. Users can be assigned multiple roles (to give them access to multiple discussion boards). The user will have access to any of the courses lower than what they paid for, but will not have access to any of the higher classes’ content. Initial course content has already been added to the website. Adding more content is as simple as putting it into the correct spot in the wp-uploads folder. Showing the content is as easy as taking the shortcode already in use for displaying the files and modifying it/copy-pasting it to point to the new directories.

<h2>Integration Notes</h2>
This readme will detail the process of integrating the students and alumni portal with Seed Spot’s website. There are two options for integrating the two: Pulling our wordpress instance into Seed Spot’s, or pulling Seed Spot’s wordpress into ours.

<h3>Pulling our wordpress instance into Seed Spot’s</h3>
This might possibly be the easier solution (though it might require some knowledge in altering MySQL tables). Pulling our wordpress instance into Seed Spot’s will require a few steps. First, setup the wordpress instance so that it can be run and displayed in the browser (giving access to the dashboard). Second, replace Seed Spot’s plugin folder with our wordpress instance’s plugins folder. We have added numerous plugins to the website to make the student portal work, and those plugins need to be added before doing anything else. Next, use a plugin like WP Options Importer to export the plugin settings that have been created for the plugins we have added. Be careful when importing the plugin settings that you do not overwrite any host settings. Once the plugins and settings are added, use Wordpress’ importer tool to export our wordpress database. Using the importer tool on the Seed Spot wordpress, import the xml file that was created and add our database to SeedSpot (be sure to check import file attachments). This process should create all the pages, menus, and headers we created. Finally, go through the website and resolve any issues caused by the merge, including dead links, bad redirects, and duplicate menus. Ideally, after this cleaning process, the student portal should be fully integrated into Seed Spot.

<h3>Pulling Seed Spot into our wordpress instance</h3>
We have taken great care in (for the most part), replicating Seed Spot’s website in our own wordpress instance and adding all the relevant files, features, and plugins into our wordpress, so that our wordpress instance is as similar to Seed Spot's as possible. This github repository is a copy of that wordpress instance, along with the database XML file which, if you wanted to, you could import into Seed Spot’s wordpress instance (but then you would have to go through all the steps that we talked about in 1). By taking the wordpress instance in this github repo and setting it as your actual site, it shouldn’t be too difficult to be up and running with the student portal integrated into your website. All that you would have to do is go through the website and correct any missing/dead/bad redirect link issues, any UI issues that came up, and any little plugin issues that may have arisen from our integration (ones that we may not have noticed due to unfamiliarity with the site --- that being said, you might need to reintegrate the calendar). There might also be a couple of issues in wordpress’ backend, such as configuring the database properly in your environment, that would need to be taken care of (but the entire dev team is wordpress noobs and we don’t know what those issues could be or how to resolve them). After taking a quick sweep through the wordpress instance using wordpress’ dashboard to make sure everything is okay, you should be good to go!

<h3>One more method (kind of)</h3>
We are kind of provifing one more extra method in the hopes that it will be the easiest of all. In the github repository under the EC2 folder are files that will allow you to access the server on which we are hosting our wordpress. From there you can directly access files, the database, etc. We've also included some other files that will hopefully make it easier for you to migrate to your new system.

<h4>Link to access website</h4>
ec2-52-26-12-71.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com